Update K8up Documentation (#205)
vshn/k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/archive.adoc

= How to Archive your Backups

> For long-term storage of your backups you may want to use cheaper storage, even if this is slower to restore, because you don't need to restore that data frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For long-term storage of your backups you may want to use cheaper storage. Even if this is slower to restore, you usually don't need to restore that data frequently, so you save some money.
```
